Welcome to this module. In this module, we'll cover a core concept of any native app you can build, navigation.
So how to get from A to B
because as you might be able to guess, it's quite different to a web app where you have urls
and where you use the react router to parse the url,
that's not how people navigate in mobile apps.
Therefore in this module, we'll have a look at what's special about navigation in native apps, which navigation
solutions we may have a look at, how we can implement stack based tab based navigation and side drawers
and what all these things are and how we can of course also pass data around between all these different
pages we can load in our app.
And finally of course, we'll also have a look at how we can add redux to all of that because we will
have to apply some changes but we'll still be able to use redux,
no worries.
So with that, let's dive into it and let's find out what's different if we compare it to a web app.